README.md, before:

# cs510_ai_logo_generation
Improving Logo Generation with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence by Approximating the Logo Design Process

## Project Proposal at 
https://www.overleaf.com/project/60995abeb573de49ae69fbae

## Project Breakdown

High level work items.
You can edit this, put your name on one, and commit the change if you are working on it so we don't duplicate work.

* type rendering (Bernardo)
* style transfer (Bernardo)
* noun dataset from shapenet (Done)
* style dataset creation (Done)
* synonym expansion (Done)
* Create UI prototype (Done)
* integration of all pieces (Done)
* testing (Done)

## Notes

* Notes from getting the code from the constrained neural style transfer paper to run are at: https://gist.github.com/ranton256/61abed764dfa31821781e5d695f92893
* 
## References

* Agustsson, E.; Sage, A.; Timofte; Van Gool, L. 2017. Logo Synthesis and Manipulation with Clustered Generative Adversarial Networks. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University. arXiv:1712.04407v1.
* Atarsaikhan, G.; Iwana, B.K.; and Uchida, S. 2018. Constrained Neural Style Transfer for Decorated Logo Generation. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University. arXiv:1803.00686v2.
* Bethge, M; Ecker, A.S.; and Gatys, A.L. 2016. A Neural Algorithm of Artistic Style. Journal of Vision 16(12): 326-. arXiv:1508.06576v2.
* Birdsall, C, 2008. Corporate Identity. The Essential Principles of Graphic Design. Edited by Debbie Millman. Cincinnati, Ohio: How Books.
* Chang, A, et al, 2015. ShapeNet: An Information-Rich 3D Model Repository. Stanford University --- Princeton University --- Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago.
* Chang A.; Hanrahan, P; Savva, M. 2015. Semantically-Enriched 3D Models for Common-sense Knowledge. CVPR 2015 Workshop on Functionality, Physics, Intentionality and Causality.
* Fellbaum, C. 1998. WordNet: An Electronic Lexical Database. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press
* Ginger, E.M., and Spiekermann, E. 2003. Stop Stealing Sheep & Find Out How Type Works. Berkeley, California: Peachpit Press.
* Mino, A., and Spanakis, G. 2018. LoGAN: Generating Logos with a Generative Adversarial Neural Network Conditioned on Color. In proceedings of the 17th IEEE International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications. arXiv:1810.10395v1.
* Napoles, V, 1988.Corporate Identity Design. New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Oeldorf, Cedric and Spanakis, Gerasimos. (2019). LoGANv2: Conditional Style-Based Logo Generation with Generative Adversarial Networks. 462-468. 10.1109/ICMLA.2019.00086.
* Russakovsky, O, et al, 2015. ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge. International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV) 115(3): 211-252. 10.1007/s11263-015-0816-y
* Wheeler, A. 2003. Designing Brand Identity. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons.

Commit message:

Copy over the license and readme for CNST code and mark source files from CNST, and  update our README regarding the same.

README.md, after:

# cs510_ai_logo_generation
Improving Logo Generation with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence by Approximating the Logo Design Process

## Project Proposal at 
https://www.overleaf.com/project/60995abeb573de49ae69fbae

## Copyright
Some of the code in this repo is from https://github.com/gttugsuu/Constrained-Neural-Style-Transfer-for-Decorated-Logo-Generation/ aka CNST.
See cnst_LICENSE.txt and cnst_README.txt for license and readme for the original work.
Code from CNST is marked with a notice at the top of the source files.
 
## Project Breakdown

High level work items.
You can edit this, put your name on one, and commit the change if you are working on it so we don't duplicate work.

* type rendering (Bernardo)
* style transfer (Bernardo)
* noun dataset from shapenet (Done)
* style dataset creation (Done)
* synonym expansion (Done)
* Create UI prototype (Done)
* integration of all pieces (Done)
* testing (Done)

## Notes

* Notes from getting the code from the constrained neural style transfer paper to run are at: https://gist.github.com/ranton256/61abed764dfa31821781e5d695f92893
* 
## References

* Agustsson, E.; Sage, A.; Timofte; Van Gool, L. 2017. Logo Synthesis and Manipulation with Clustered Generative Adversarial Networks. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University. arXiv:1712.04407v1.
* Atarsaikhan, G.; Iwana, B.K.; and Uchida, S. 2018. Constrained Neural Style Transfer for Decorated Logo Generation. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University. arXiv:1803.00686v2.
* Bethge, M; Ecker, A.S.; and Gatys, A.L. 2016. A Neural Algorithm of Artistic Style. Journal of Vision 16(12): 326-. arXiv:1508.06576v2.
* Birdsall, C, 2008. Corporate Identity. The Essential Principles of Graphic Design. Edited by Debbie Millman. Cincinnati, Ohio: How Books.
* Chang, A, et al, 2015. ShapeNet: An Information-Rich 3D Model Repository. Stanford University --- Princeton University --- Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago.
* Chang A.; Hanrahan, P; Savva, M. 2015. Semantically-Enriched 3D Models for Common-sense Knowledge. CVPR 2015 Workshop on Functionality, Physics, Intentionality and Causality.
* Fellbaum, C. 1998. WordNet: An Electronic Lexical Database. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press
* Ginger, E.M., and Spiekermann, E. 2003. Stop Stealing Sheep & Find Out How Type Works. Berkeley, California: Peachpit Press.
* Mino, A., and Spanakis, G. 2018. LoGAN: Generating Logos with a Generative Adversarial Neural Network Conditioned on Color. In proceedings of the 17th IEEE International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications. arXiv:1810.10395v1.
* Napoles, V, 1988.Corporate Identity Design. New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Oeldorf, Cedric and Spanakis, Gerasimos. (2019). LoGANv2: Conditional Style-Based Logo Generation with Generative Adversarial Networks. 462-468. 10.1109/ICMLA.2019.00086.
* Russakovsky, O, et al, 2015. ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge. International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV) 115(3): 211-252. 10.1007/s11263-015-0816-y
* Wheeler, A. 2003. Designing Brand Identity. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons.
